Huh? What?
Is it expensive? I can’t drink it?
No. Either of you can drink.
I just came here to investigate and apologize. elder sister,
What are you going to do? Who are you?
Well, come on. I must beat you in this one.
It's late at night, what are you doing when you come to your door and call yourself?
You said, he didn’t just scare me to death by stuffing his teacup into it, right?
Won't. I don't think he has the guts.
Granddaughter-in-law, give it another try,
I can definitely beat you with this one. Come.
Oh, oh, oh, hurry, hurry, hurry
It's too late now
There are many things to do tomorrow
need you to handle
Let's go back and have a rest. Which one?
Let's play again, sir
You don't need to rest yourself
You have to consider whether Master Sun and the others have taken a break.
I hope this old store of mine can leave behind its old ways and go back.
Let's go back to the house
You two, you two, are doing your business.
Grandpa, walk slowly
Goodbye grandpa
Good night grandpa, it’s so hot